# Guessing Game
Number guessing game assignment for Fullstack Academy Foundations.

## Animation planning
The animation framework consists of three components.  `AnimationManager` is essentially just a dictionary with convenient helper functions to start, stop, and keep track of running animations.  `DynamicAnimation` is a class that handles basic functionality used by each animation, such as setting up and cleaning up when animations are started/stopped, creating and tracking particles for particle effects, interacting with the DOM, and triggering layout reflows when animations or particles need to be changed or restarted. `ParticleEffect` is a simple interface for implementing mini-animations.  Since particles are often created/animated in bulk, rather than having every single particle on-screen try to manipulate the DOM on its own (which triggers a layout reflow, which is slow), ParticleEffects instead simply generate @keyframes CSS rules as strings, and then pass those strings to their parent DynamicAnimation to insert into the DOM.  This allows hundreds of particle effects to have looping, dynamically generated animations with a single reflow.

The jQuery.Keyframes library (https://github.com/Keyframes/jQuery.Keyframes) is used to insert dynamically generated @keyframes CSS rules into the DOM.  A small modfication has been made to the library to allow it to return generated CSS as a string without actually inserting it into the DOM, which allows us to insert many rules within in a single `<style>` element for improved performance. 

The OOP in this project is a little contrived, but my goal was to become a bit more comfortable with using Javascript's prototypal inheritance and the `this` keyword, so I tried to implement OOP concepts I'm already familiar with from languages like C# and Java.
